# Meeting 6
18 mar 2019  
chair: Daniela  
secretary: Tim 

## Opening
We started by fixing our git repo. Due to some accidental pushing of merge conflicts, and some extra (reverse) commits, our dev branch was 'broken'.  
We fixed this by making a seperate branch called 'fixdev', which branched of the original dev branch before it was broken. We fixed most merge conflicts in 'fixdev'.
We also discussed the small dip in progress this week

## Approval of the agenda
As of now nobody disapproved the agenda, so that should be fine

## Homework 
- The tasks you've been assigned on our scrumboard
   - We also agreed to take the initiative and implement some extra things related to our tasks
   

## Points of Action
- Created, committed and pushed reports
   - Checkstyle
   - Code coverage (two separate pictures this time, due to different branches)
   - Scrumboard (two)
- Discuss dev branch and when to merge with master (discuss if we publish a release)
- Update scrum board/gitlab issues
- Stand-up meeting with TA 
- Talk about front-end logic to be implemented
- Divide new tasks
- Sprint review 
- Fix all branches
- Discussed rubric after demo
   - Also checkout out what we should do to get more points

## Any other business
No other business

## Questions
No questions for TA or anyone else

## Closing
We finished up with a small API 'tutorial' and merging everything