# Meeting 5
11 mar 2019
chair: Shah
secretary: Momchill 

## Opening
Recap, review and give feedback on each team member's individual tasks assigned over the week.

## Approval of the agenda
> Make sure to add comments here if you don't agree with the agenda or want to add something


## Homework 
- The tasks you've been assigned on our scrumboard

## Points of Action
- Committed checkstyle screenshot
- Discuss dev branch and when to merge with master (discuss if we publish a release)
- (Merge all branches to master - if sufficient progress)
- Sprint review 
- Update scrum board/gitlab issues
- Stand-up meeting with TA & Course Instructors(BrightSpace announcement)
- Talk about caches & front-end logic to be implemented
- Divide new tasks

## Any other business


## Questions


## Closing