# Meeting 3
4 mar 2019
chair: Mirijam
secretary: Daniela

## Opening

## Approval of the agenda
> Make sure to add comments here if you don't agree with the agenda or want to add something


## Homework 
- The tasks you're given on our scrumboard

## Points of Action
- Committed checkstyle screenshot
- Discuss dev branch and when to merge with master (bc we didn't do that last time)
- (Merge all branches to master)
- Sprint review 
- Update scrum board/gitlab issues
- Stand-up meeting with TA
- Talk about controllers (more explanation also)
- Connect GUI frames we have
- Discuss GUI updates
- Divide new tasks

## Any other business


## Questions


## Closing