# Meeting 4
<<<<<<< HEAD
04 Mar 2019

Chair: Mirijam

Secretary: Daniela

## Opening
Everyone is present.

## Approval of the agenda
Agenda approved.

## Homework 
Work on the wireframes and design the gui frames with their controllers

## Points of Action
- ~~Stand-up meeting with TA~~
- ~~ Divide tasks 
```

  ```  
- ~~Discuss miscellaneous stuff with TA~~
	
	
## Any other business

Talked about bonus features 
Checkstyle & Testing from next week 


## Questions
	
		

## Closing
Assign new tasks for the coming weeks and complete spring integrations and api mapping & handling service.
=======
4 mar 2019
chair: Mirijam
secretary: Daniela

## Opening
Everyone was present.

## Approval of the agenda
Approved.

## Homework 
- The tasks you're given on our scrumboard - a big part completed

## Points of Action
- ~~Committed checkstyle screenshot~~
- ~~Discuss dev branch and when to merge with master (bc we didn't do that last time)~~
- ~~Sprint review~~
- ~~Update scrum board/gitlab issues~~
- ~~Stand-up meeting with TA~~
- ~~Talk about controllers~~
- ~~Discuss GUI updates~~
- ~~Divide new tasks~~

## Any other business
- Tried to fix technical problems
- Tried to solve permission for merging problem
- Chose a day for the second meeting
- Discussed communication troubles
- Discussed branch coverage

## Questions
- Branch coverage - solved

## Closing
Meeting ended successfully.
>>>>>>> dev
