# Meeting 8
08 apr 2019

chair: everyone

secretary: Stephen

## Opening
We decided to meet at 12pm today since we our meeting with Ralph was at 13:45;

## Approval of the agenda


## Homework
- Everybody had different tasks for this week, for which a first version had to be finished during the second meeting on last week's thursday.
  Today the tasks should be finished.
- Stephen: GUI 
- Mirijam: badges
- Shah and Zheng: pop-ups
- Tim: email
- Daniela: report
- Mom: presentation

## Points of Action
- (Stand-up) meeting: Everybody shows what they have done and discussed the problems which they came across.
- Add documents for the meeting (Checkstyle and Board screenshot)
- Hotfixing
- Decide if we are still going to implement achievements. 
- Discuss checkstyle warnings
- Meeting with TA

## Any other business


## Questions


## Closing
